Now let's get into the basics of continuous integration, or what we call CI.
In a nutshell,
continuous integration is where you have automated your testing
and build process with confidence and quality,
and you can integrate your new code back into your
main codebase every single day.
Well, that's pretty much it, but the devil's in the details.
Here's a more formal definition.
Continuous integration is a best practice in software
engineering to integrate your completed and tested code back
into the repository as often as necessary.
This includes using one or more automated integration tools,
of course, like Azure DevOps or a multitude of other tools.
The tools enable you to validate the build and run
automated tests against the new code.
So before we talk about how continuous integration can
be managed and used with Kanban,
let's drill into a few terms to be sure we are on the same page.
To be clear, continuous integration is not a silver bullet.
Continuous integration does not eliminate your bugs,
but you can find and identify them sooner,
and they'll be easier to remove, thus further supporting a continuous flow.
Personally, I can't see why anyone is not doing continuous integration today.
Tons of tools.
Everyone needs to get on board with this.
It'll greatly reduce your bugs and greatly improve the flow of your work.
Keep in mind that Kanban focuses on providing continuous
value to its customers and the business.
We start with our backlog that we receive from our upstream partner or partners,
followed by specify, implement, validate,
and deliver.
This will be our general value stream throughout this course.
Yours certainly may be different, may be much different.
As we can see in this chart,
Kanban is designed and centered on delivering
continuous flow and value to its customers.
But right here in the delivery step, just how is code delivered?
And also, just how is it validated to ensure continuous delivery?
And while we are coding, that is implementing,
what can we be doing as mindful developers to ensure continuous integration? Let's explore further to answer these questions.